#434 Create baton migration for Quarkus Java 17 upgrade (#448)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Major Additions

## Java 17 Upgrade

> The aiSSEMBLE project is now built with Java 17. All aiSSEMBLE managed dependencies have been updated to a Java 17 compatible version and automatic migrations (detailed below) have been created to streamline this transition for downstream projects. It is recommended to review all non aiSSEMBLE managed dependencies and custom logic within your project, as this upgrade can break existing functionality due to deprecated classes and incompatible dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aiSSEMBLE project is now built with Java 17. All dependencies inherited from aiSSEMBLE have been updated to a Java 17 compatible version and automatic migrations (detailed below) have been created to streamline this transition for downstream projects. It is recommended to review noninherited dependencies and custom logic within your project, as this upgrade can break existing functionality due to deprecated classes and incompatible dependencies.
```

Author: Updated

> 

Reviewer 2: 👍

| spark-pipeline-servlet-api-migration               | Updates a Spark pipeline module `pom.xml` with the `javax.servlet-api` dependency to ensure compatibility with Apache Spark `3.5` which has not migrated to Jakarta packages yet      |
| it-infrastructure-java-upgrade-migration           | Updates the Java docker image version in the integration test docker module to JDK 17                                                                                        |
| log4j-maven-shade-plugin-migration                 | Updates the Maven Shade Plugin with the new Log4j dependency information                                                                             |
| quarkus-bom-migration                              | Updates all references to the `quarkus-bom` and `quarkus-universe-bom` to use the new `aissemble-quarkus-bom` for managing Quarkus dependencies                               |
| pom-dependency-version-migration                   | Updates the pom dependencies previously managed by the aiSSEMBLE `bom-component` to include their necessary versions                                                                |

> | java-package-migration                             | Updates the affected java classes from their old package name to their new package name to ensure compatibility with the updated Java 17 dependencies                              |

Reviewer: Q: Should we say either here or in the block at the top that this is largely Javax -> Jakarta?

Author: Thinking we put it as part of the migration description, feels sort of out of place at the high level block

Author: Added to migration description
